(LOOΠΔ 1/3 are doing a photo shoot on the hill)
HeeJin : There’re a lot of earthworms!
ViVI : Aw… an earthworm…
(#CENSORED)
HeeJin :  The scenery is magnificent, right?
ViVi : I really like here
ViVi : Because it’s so beautiful!
HeeJin : Right!
HeeJin : Now HyunJin & HaSeul are doing a photo shoot
HeeJin : After that, I think we’re going to do a photo shoot
(HaSeul & HyunJin are working hard…)
HaSeul : I… I’ve seen the mountain is crying
HyunJin : I didn't see the mountain is crying
HyunJin : Because Mountain isn’t crying
HyunJin : Mountain is the thing that you should climb up!
HaSeul : Should I try out acting?
HyunJin : Yes. we are the team!
HyunJin : My daughter, HaSeul. I sent you to the piano academy which you really wanted, but…
HaSeul : What do you know about me, mommy?
HyunJin : How dare you speak that way!
HyunJin : I’m going to act. Please react to me
HyunJin : Mom, you know
HyunJin : When I saw the great play,,,
HyunJin : I felt like.. my heart was beating fast…
HaSeul : Don’t make me laugh!
HaSeul : Play? Are you kidding me?
HaSeul : HYUNJIN!!! GO STUDY!!